# Guess.it - ELM Project

## Table of Contents

1. [Project Title: Guess.it - ELM Project](#project-title-guessit-elm-project)
2. [Overview](#overview)
3. [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
4. [Getting Started](#getting-started)
5. [Project Structure](#project-structure)
6. [Usage](#usage)
7. [How to Play - Guess.it](#how-to-play-guessit)


## Project Title: Guess.it - ELM Project

## Overview

Guess.it is a web-based word guessing game developed using the Elm programming language. In this game, players are challenged to find a word based on given definitions. Elm, being a functional programming language that compiles to JavaScript, provides a reliable and elegant foundation for this interactive and engaging project. The project structure includes a main folder named "ELM," containing a "src" folder housing the main Elm file. Additionally, the "elm" folder consists of a "main.js" file and an "elm.json" configuration file.

## Prerequisites

Before you begin, ensure you have the following prerequisites installed:

- [Elm](https://guide.elm-lang.org/install/elm.html): The Elm programming language compiler.

## Getting Started

To run the Guess.it game, follow the steps below:

1. Clone the repository to your local machine:

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/Sorohpsoe/ELP.git
   ```

2. Navigate to the main project folder named "ELM":

   ```bash
   cd Guess.it
   ```

3. Open a terminal or command prompt in the project directory.

4. Install dependencies using Elm:

   ```bash
   elm install
   ```

5. Execute the following command to start the Elm Reactor:

   ```bash
   elm reactor
   ```

6. Access the game by opening a web browser and navigating to [http://localhost:8000](http://localhost:8000).

## Project Structure

- **Guess.it/**
  - **src/**
    - *Main Elm file*: The main Elm file containing the core logic and structure of the Guess.it game.
  - *main.js*: JavaScript file generated by the Elm compiler.
  - *elm.json*: Elm project configuration file.

## Usage

The Elm Reactor provides a development environment for running and testing the Guess.it game. After starting the Reactor, explore and interact with the game by accessing it through the provided local server.

## How to Play - Guess.it

1. **Objective:** Find the word based on the given definitions.

2. **Gameplay:**
   - Read the provided definitions carefully.
   - Enter your guess for the word in the input field.

3. **Winning:**
   - Successfully guess the word based on the given definitions.


